an hour from the people charged
leading to you re adventure once month
we'll race some kind of off road race
and whether it's mud racing rock crawl
and high-speed race and back the back
pulling you demolition derbies you name
it
Ricky's been in love with it all since
he was knee-high your guy who paid you
see a big truck big truck you know and I
guess just went from there he wears his
heart on his sleeve that I ain't got a
tire tracks tattooed on the inside of my
arm because that's how much before was
i'm not i am now he's sharing it with us
you're gonna show us some of that today
are you dang straight I am
what looks like a pile of debris is
really a rock crawling course rock
crawling uh slower little more finesse
you know required wait did he just say
for that it's kind of a man and machine
love I guess you could say you just like
testing it taking it testing it taking
it you know taking it to the limits yes
whether you're testing yourself or
trying it for the first time it's good
clean fun compared to the mud ready am I
ready don't touch anything that was
awesome I've never done anything like
that before if a dirty ride is in your
idea of a good time maybe picking up the
pace will be ure adventures has its own
Trail you can conquer
I didn't know you were gonna come up I
didn't know I was gonna come of it
either and just across highway 109 a new
journey in the Uwharrie National Forest
you can ride ATVs out there you can take
trucks out there you can go right horses
over there and like since the National
Forest System so there's plant camping
and whatnot and it's really cool place
together the off-road trail the Uwharrie
National Forest is open from april first
until december 15th and if you can ride
it you can bring it in here
the fine is the state right and climb
that embankment and then it rolls right
on around we're going to go on
you can slowly roll over places like
kodak rock or run and gun it like that
experienced driver likes to do
last maybe i will be nervous is like
whatever your experience level it's a
guaranteed good time once you get a bite
of it you're hooked on time in
Montgomery County
news